yo kees i would very open positions
or
but it is a special one again
people actually a different one in the now
just normally avoid you are and regret
me very much but i think it is
review and I saw something very special
for this is the 250 small fucking video
holy shit guys i really didn't have any
expect so many videos around
would be uploaded
system and every video is just the line
's line especially in bobby before I want
You just can have one too
ticket super much for me every day like
I come home test score I go your corpse
look optiscan sunnah portion of land and
every day there is a new video for it
to make you
well here they are more about us
even likes on the guest below it
dash and throw it there was war
I was singing very thank you already
protected how like still almost any curse
for the time being normal vlog ans
van dijk
this is my tripod on this, by the way
moment just such the miniature thing
from their barcelona watching
so times red spot one day boys
well ladies and gentlemen there it is again
the screen where you last
days have increased with every flake now
looked at where the redemption this is just
very nice to make
every time there are a lot of likes
and we have to go in nature
good as you look or fuck a lot
views are now over the one again
million part 1 million 14100 2 6 portia
et 9000 1835 chips
take 1836 every few days I have gps holy
shit guys it is
really not normal but good i have one
show you something
and that is actually very special though
I have my you know what the video is
a separation a bit underexposed
what am I going to fix something like that is whole
especially an oak and a monthly
corner of my room and I am already standing
for my new pride
so this is my new pc and it is
totally chill I haven't been able to
I could unpack again
screen look that is well in the
shipment
so it gets around Friday and was
then I can get started with this one
super fat container see how did the beautiful
name state a I'm going to come in with
make an extensive video but I could
never is it effe announce that
soon all videos just mercedes
with facecam and there to the kon
I am really looking forward to it
try to make a video every day
upload
because I render it fast to me
thing that good processor and I am one
good happy with it
so people this was actually the bit
flew next time will see me at one
normal floor or the video of 10,000
subscribers and we got that by that time
i already people i am battery fountains this one
video I am curious how many likes on it
can get this vlog
and a thank you for watching
leave this video
the